when moving some things that could fall through the cracks. Um, would
be not really paying attention to your list of the moving authority.
Sometimes they put a lot of different things on your list. And if you
don't pay attention once you get to your new location, you may have
missed something. Uh, those were some of the things that could fall
through the cracks. Um, uniforms, making sure that you are aware
of keeping your uniforms with you as opposed to putting them on the
moving truck. Those were some of the things that, uh, it slips your
mind, and then you you have to show up to your command and dress blues,
and you have your dress whites or you have your type threes. Those
are some of the things that fall through the cracks. Um, not remembering
the things that you really need upon arrival